# FigmaExperinced
                                                                  My Figma Experince........
A new experince and unique easy way building the interactive websites and mobile interface which is possible by Figma, where I had experinced various frames, the frames which contains wide range of accessibility which hav web site build for various options for dekstop, different types of mobiles like iphone 16, iphone 15pro and many diffent kind of mobile models. The figma contains various tools like colours and shapes which we can use to make our intrface more attnetive. The figma even contins some templates for mobile apps again here we can choose the mobile model according to our interest, here we can find the different templates to build user friendly apps and websites. Here we can navigate through diffent pages by hovering on the object or the element. Here we can fill the elements with our own desire and intrest, 
where we can change colours and add our required images and videos to make the mobile application or web appliaction use friendly and more responsive.


Figma provides an very interactive interface for mobile application with zerocoiding and it's easy to use and implement, to crate an mobile app it's best to follow 3 rules. These rules helps to use the create the 
interactive mobile application. The 1st rule is to select the UI  design template according to our needs where we need to create the application. The next step is to edit the ui interface as per requriments. The final step is to create the the Interactive prototype. The prototype helps for the navigation of the slides. The figma provides navigation tools and many other tools where we can design and change text,colour, apperance and more and reamaing accoroding to our requriments. 

The figma provides rounded edges for images and it's easy to share the created application to others by usig the share option where the other user can open the mail and access it here the sharing user can choose the option only to view or view and edit where the shared user can access and the shared user can add comments and the comments can be viewd by the sharing user. The figma provides download option wher we can easily downlod the images or the UI design  and it provides the view option in mobiles 
